- [Instructor] Now, let's create an endpoint
that will return every reservation
that's currently in the table.
Additional enhancements that we may want to make
include PatchNation, Sorting and Filtering.
But at this point, we're just going to return
every record currently in the table.
Let's open up the Reservation Service interface
and add in a new method.
Let's set the return type to Flux.
That will emit any number of reservations.
Let's use alt, enter to import,
and let's name the method, list all reservations.
Now, let's open up the Reservation Service ITPL.
Use the keyboard shortcut, command plus n,
and scroll down to implement methods.
Select list all reservations and then click okay.
Okay, now let's build out the method stub.
Let's invoke the ReactiveMongo operations,
and let's call it the find all method
passing in the reservation class.
In an actual production application,
generally you'd be finding all
for a specific user or entity.
However, in this example we are not
implementing authentication or authorization.
Now, let's create an endpoint mapping.
Let's open up Reservation Resource,
and let's copy lines 24 through 28, our existing GetMapping.
Let's paste it in right below.
Let's remove the path variable,
and let's rename the method to get all reservations.
Let's update the method call on the
reservation service to list all reservations.
Then, let's update the return type to a Flux.
Okay, that's it.
So now, let's try restarting our application.
Then, let's open up Postman,
let's open up the create reservation tab,
and let's create several records.
Let's add a reservation for room 175,
room 275 at the price 250,
and room 375 for the price 300.
Now, let's click on the get reservation entry,
click on the ellipses icon, duplicate.
Now on the copy, let's rename it to get all reservations.
Let's update the URL to remove the path variable,
and let's go ahead and save it.
Now, let's execute that request.
As we can see, we return all three reservations now.